hey everybody this is Mike folks at Twin
Galaxies known as malignant poodle what
I wanted to do was just basically
demonstrate the Consol eyes Neo Geo MVS
system and first question a lot of
people have with regard to this as what
is it and basically it is a arcade board
a Neo Geo arcade board that has been
converted to work like a console our
keyboards have all kinds of non-standard
connections you know there's the Jama
edge connector which everything runs off
of these are actually mvs wiring
standard it's a little bit different but
same basic principle and with that you
basically have everything running off
this connection now in order to do this
lock has to be changed so for one the
video outputs RGB red green blue and we
have to convert that to an NTSC signal
for television at least in North America
for that I've used a really inexpensive
converter or encoder
it's called aya CB o-- 4 it's actually
really good bang for the buck the other
thing is these boards run off 12 and 5
volts I've converted it so that it runs
only on 5 volts so with that we can use
a standard AC adapter instead of an
arcade power supply this will run off a
5 volt 3 amp is what you want
I found an AC power supply for 99 cents
at a thrift store was 5 volt 2.8 amps
close enough the other thing we do is we
put audio out and there it is left and
right audio that's one of the
differences from jamma this has actual
stereo sound the toggle switch for the
power this button is to add coin
credits and this one is to go into the
service menu I've also mounted this on
some plexiglass so that wires and stuff
don't snag and so that the components on
the bottom
don't cross or get in anything now as
far as controllers the really
interesting thing about these this one's
kind of rough the the top was painted
you know before I did anything dots of
the nicer one but the interesting thing
about the controllers is that these
boards were made with with these 15 pin
controller ports like the Neo Geo has
and I don't know why they did that I'm
not going to complain but it makes it
real easy so for example instead of like
a super gun you know where your wiring
controller have ports for controllers
it's already on there and so you can
just plug in a regular Neo Geo
controller and it works so the next
question is why I mean if you have the
whole system why would you console as an
arcade board to do the same thing with
our K carts that's a very good question
the number one reason is price tape
Metal Slug for example you get the first
Metal Slug if you can even have one if
you get it on arcade it'll these carts
they'll run you about fifty sixty
dollars short card for the home system
if you can even find it you're going to
pay about three four thousand dollars in
that neighborhood yes for that one card
the most extreme example is like Kizuna
encounter for the arcade you get to get
up for about $100 the home system if you
can even find one for sale it's going to
run you about fifty thousand dollars
forty to fifty thousand no joke so you
can get the Neo Geo experience on our
key cards on your television for the
most cost effective now some people like
to go with the Neo Geo CD and the
problem with that is one loading times
number two is that mmm there's a whole
bunch of the arcade games that were
never released for that system now this
is a part sport and I just wanted to
briefly show some of the other mods I
did for it and I'll I'll show you it
running all of these boards pretty much
everyone I've run into has audio
problems the audio is too low or it's
scratchy or one channel is louder than
the other and during the time these were
produced the caps were pretty bad and so
I've replaced all of the capacitors for
the audio section in there the other
thing is they came with this
rechargeable battery this stores the
high scores and the game settings and
things of that nature these leak and I
know like a lot of you guys know about
like the Amiga systems and how the Amiga
batteries would leak it's the same thing
here so what I did was ivory pon these
I've removed this battery and I've
replaced it with a coin cell holder and
a cr2032 coin cell battery and I also
removed this resistor so that it doesn't
run a charge to that battery so the
charging system is disabled you know in
5-10 years down the road when you place
a battery just put a new coin cell in
the holder so that's the mod that it's
had done so what I'll go ahead and do is
power this on now I do have a Sony PBM
monitor don't let that scare you as far
as these go because it's running off of
an s-video connection so it does work on
regular TV and it looks great on a
regular TV but I happen to have this in
here so will powered on for just a quick
demo
no blood and in case you're wondering
super guns and these the CMBS console I
get console eyes NDS they're not allowed
for submissions at Twin Galaxies that's
the verdict but if you just want to play
the game they're great and it's good to
practice on to so we had a couple of
coins I've also set it up to where the
volume can be adjusted with the slider
on the board
yeah
thank you
I'll let you
so anyway you get the idea and as far as
the straightest me got the button setup
for that
there's the hardware test a lot got my
date off you can set up the dip switches
for each game and it will save this for
you
calendar and whatnot and so that's
basically what a console is mvs is and
thanks for watching